This is a transcript of a voice recording. I want you, Claude, to take this transcript and turn it into a plan. So first things first, read through the transcript and make sure you understand everything. If there is any doubts, ask me. So let's go through what I have in my mind. First, I want to create a progressive web app. And this progressive web app should be launched on GitHub through GitHub pages. And it should track my spendings. For now, let's talk for the frontend. I just want to have three screens. One screen which adds the spendings. Another screen which lists the spendings. And the third screen which should be used to get some statistics about the spendings. Adding a spending should be the date, the name or title of the spending, the amount, the source, where it's coming from and where it's going to. Kind of. Maybe find a better naming for that. So, yeah. Some fields. Maybe I will add some more fields later. The list should simply list the spendings from sorted by date. And the statistics I will go into more detail later. So, what I want to have as a special thing of this tracker is various things. First, I want it to have a way of tracking different budgets. Or, I don't know how to call it. Maybe there is a different word for it. But, I want to be able to track when I'm withdrawing money from an ATM. And, so this is kind of not a spending, but a transfer from one budget to the other. So, I want to have a functionality to track these kind of transactions. And there is multiple of these budgets or pots in my life. And I want to track them. So, cash would be one of them. The bank account is the other. There is an app called Splitwise, which I use for tracking spendings with my girlfriend. I want to track this as well. Yeah. So, this is one specialty. The other specialty is that I want to differentiate between the day something was spent and the day it was consumed. Sometimes this is the same day. For instance, if I go to a restaurant, it would be the same day. But, sometimes if I would buy a ticket for a festival that I will visit some months later, this would be different. So, I want to have a kind of way of tracking both of them. So, this would reflect in the statistics screen, where I can look at the data through the spending. What was spent every day. And then the consumption kind of way, where I can see detailed what I paid every day. And averaging, for instance, annual fees, I would average for every day. So, to have a kind of an idea how much I'm spending every day of all the spending I get throughout the year. So, I want to have a little bit of time. So, I want you to create a project plan. So, with detailed steps, what needs to be done when and detailed description. Maybe no due date or anything. This is a hobby project. But just some... Yeah, some... Some kind of plan that I can follow. So, I have an idea how to continue. With specific actionable to-dos that I can clearly distinguish what needs to be done. Furthermore, what needs to be done from my side and what needs to be done from your side. And... Finally... I... I need to create some designs or... Things like this. But for now, we'll just prototype this whole thing. This was all about the front-end. The back-end. I'm thinking if it's possible to connect the front-end to a database. Something like Airtable or Supabase to start with. Um... This... But... For... Maybe it would be a solution to just do it with local storage for now. Anyways, all the secrets need to be stored through local storage or some storage functionality that I have secrets and not published on the repo. As I'm thinking about publishing the repo at some point. Um... But... For now, this is all just for private project. For me. Um... Um... This... This... Whole thing... Yeah. Just... Make a plan out of all these... Uh... Out of this transcript and... Um... Structure this. The whole project right now consists only of the transcript and the... And the... And the... GitHub repo. So I want you to create folders for the project. Uh... Manage the... The whole project. And... In some subfolder just put the transcript that you're reading right now. Um... Um... Don't edit the transcript. Just... Put it somewhere. Uh... So I have it for later reference. Um... That's it. 